  Fourteenth of September. Governments never like protesters, bad for publicity. It makes them
feel like they don’t have control. There was a time when a man stood up in a war meeting and 
aligned himself with our cause, didn’t end well for him. Not only was he fired, but later, 
he was found beaten up by “thugs,” probably some people hired by generals to disperse any 
disagreements within the government itself.  We didn’t do this to be liked however, we speak
hard truths and we speak them loud. We scream them at the top of our lungs. When you’re passion
ate about something, you should never let anyone stop you. We weren’t stopping, even when 
threatened by force, we simply yelled our words louder, “Make Sardines Not War!” It was a 
chant that echoed through the street, everyone had heard it a hundred times by now, but even 
as Rosália stood, she got chills, like someone threw ice down your spine. It took a single 
thrown rock to cause the chaos that followed. The entire street fell into silence, the birds 
seemed to stop chirping, having flown away out of fear. You could hear the rock clatter to the
ground, followed by the police officer falling to the ground. We imagine it was one our 
protestors, but who knows, it could have been anyone, the crowd had gotten into the thousands,
all crowded close to the Imperial McDonalds, standing as the epitome of what we are protesting,
Imperialism. It’s not so much that we hate the Roman Empire, rather that society idolizes this
old nation, a nation that was built on the manipulation of others. For that, we protest. Its 
stained glass, memorializing the thousands of enslaved people, the gladiators that had to die
for the entertainment of the citizens of the Romans.
  Around him, stood so many of the protestors, he was our loudest, we followed what Demétrio
 said. It wasn’t that he wanted to lead, or that we made him so, but he always knew how to act.
 So when the police showed up, in their armored cars, and he told us to stand firm, we stood. 
 And when he told us to yell, we all yelled, but he never told us to throw rocks, yet someone, 
 did. It was a young man, dressed in punk attire, half shaved head, a leather jacket that had
 cigarette burns on the shoulders and arms. When you’re in a protest, no one really thinks, 
 things just happen. So when that rock was thrown, it wasn’t just one, hundreds followed. It 
 was no surprise that they threw their tear gas, our eyes felt like they were melting off, it
 wasn’t uncommon, but then they charged with their batons, beat us senseless. The man who had
 thrown the rocks was ready, his group armed with tazers and guns, it became a bloody massacre.
	We lost hundreds to fear, injuries, nearly 30 people died, but just one of them was a police
 officer. At least Imperial McDonalds was shut down due to damages, the SPQR Eagle, replaced
 with a stone sardine.
