Before the protest, only pigeons feasting on left over sausages occupied the square. The protesters stood at each road path in the forking path, the expanding street with its triangle cross section was filled with hundreds maybe even thousands. They claim that the cobblestone paths are good for reducing heat, but with the number of people, not even that helped. It looked like a mosh pit in a heavy metal concert. All the stores closed, the Zenith and Mr. Pizza just closing their doors, the employees staring with fear in their eyes at the crowds gathering. A bus was millimeters from running people over, trying to complete its daily stops, but that didn’t stop them from climbing it, throwing rocks and spitting on it from on top. Demétrio and Rosália were at their center, “Make Sardines not War!”, as each of them repeated the phrase, Rosália remembered her wife, dragged into a war she didn’t believe in. The world shattered around her when the officer knocked on her door, the officer would only look at her feet. “I regret to inform you that your wife is dead ma’am.” 
In the square, Tiago stood amidst the blooming flowers, pollen sticking to his eyes. He breathed in the pigeon dung and the smell of sugar-honey from the honeysuckle stared at the proud iron man with his musket, the romanticization of war. He held a euro coin and flipped it out of habit, the other was a hammer and a massive can of sardines rested in his arms.
	It didn’t take long for the police trucks to arrive, they had been awaiting the protest. They lined up clad in body armor, fully equipped with metal batons and large riot shields, no one thought the first protest would attract this kind of presence. Their breathing, heavy in anticipation for what they were ordered to do. Stop the protest at all costs. Shields razed, Martim ordered his troops forward. His heart skip a beat, like a stone dropping in his chest, he saw his son in the Square. He pleades with tears in his eyes, “Stop this protest, disperse!” The orders met with the chorus, “Make Sardines not War! We will not fight.” The line of shields step forward, slowly, hesitantly. A child watched from the side. He thought it would be cool to stand close to the action, his friends had run away, but he wasn’t a coward he thought. Now, as he realized his mistake, he panics, with nowhere left to run. A canister lands near his feet, the smell of vinegar slowly irritates and closes his throat, and his eyes begin to tear. A police officer mistakenly kicks him in the face as he falls unconscious. Collateral they’ll call it.
