The day of its inception wasn’t that unusual. We were gathering to celebrate the fantastical event that is Independence day in Portugal, a day where we celebrate the wars that had to be fought, the innocent people that had to be slaughtered in war, Rosália’s wife, who died at the hands of an unnamed assailant, defending their country over a war that they hated, just as much as she did. All this, so that some King could say that they ruled Portugal. Not only that, but celebrated using fireworks, does no one think that maybe the fireworks remind the veterans of the explosions of wars? None of us really gave a crap, but it was expected of us to be celebrating it, not really by anyone in particular, just society with their parties and fireworks. Plus, we were all incredibly busy between Demétrio’s therapist work, Tiago’s engineering gig, and everyone else’s jobs, finding time to get together is impossible. 
We had been playing Resistance, a game where 2 or 3 players are part of the government, or the red loyalists, and everyone else plays the blue rebels, and your goal is to find out who the loyalists are. It is a fantastic game that turns all of us into cutthroats. I remember being a loyalist having to convince everyone that Tiago was a loyalist instead of me and getting into a screaming match with him because of it. In the end everyone believed me because I had been making good calls earlier in the game, such as removing someone who was likely to be a loyalist, while in the end it was me who was the loyalist the whole time. “I told you guys it wasn’t me! It was Rosália. God, it’s so like you to never listen.” Tiago crossed his arms and shifted his body from the table. We all laughed at him for getting so upset, after all, it was just a game wasn’t it?
	At the end of one of our games, we started discussing it. “You all agree that this is stupid right? I mean just look at this game, its constant fighting, and then we end the game and start another,” Leopoldo wasn’t the biggest fan of the game.
	Rosália’s laughter echoed through the room, “Well of course you don’t like this game, you suck ass at lying.”
	“That’s not what I’m saying! Don’t you think this is like a metaphor for life though? Wars are just like this game, I mean just look at World War One and Two, literally, these wars were like, back to back!”
	Demétrio smirked at him, “Yeah, sure Leopoldo, and life is a metaphor for death right?” 
	“Shut up, you know what I mean.” He scooped up his beer and chugged it.
	“I mean, I guess, but what do you want us to do? Start a revolution? Stop playing this game? I love Resistance, don’t tell me to not play this game.”
	“Yes!” His voice turns into a kind of gurgle, hesitation, “Well, no. But we could protest!”
	“Ohhhh, our motto should be, Prepare for Sardines cause the War was overcooked,” Salomé chipped in, she had a wide grin on her face, and was nodding at ultrasonic speed. 
	“Why does everything have to be sardines with you Salomé ? Honestly.” Rosália rolled her eyes, “In all seriousness, I would love to start a protest, that would something to put on my resumé, I can talk about that” Everything was always about jobs for her, there was always some sort of end goal, a way to improve her standing with the world.
	There was a long silence, not because we disagreed, but it was a lot to process. Who would have thought that a board game would have brought this idea out.
	“How about make sardines not war?” 
	After that, it was only a matter of time before we took down the first statue of many.
